California I've learned is this the
pumpkin spice capital of the United
States according to GrubHub no it's
nothing to be proud of out of all in
many states we have and I think we're up
to 50 now our state California orders
the most pumpkin spice stuff of any
place California Oregon and Washington
are the top three states for ordering
pumpkin spice food I'm sure it's just a
coincidence that we all have legalized
marijuana you know I have to say I love
pumpkin pie it's one of my top three
favorite pies but I don't understand all
the pumpkin spice it's in everything now
it's like bedbugs and I'm not talking
I'm not just talking about lattes every
year since Starbucks started this
there's a new and hard to believe
pumpkin spice product and this year that
product is pumpkin spice pan goes on
sale Monday for a limited time they're
only gonna sell until somebody dies and
and the saddest part of it is I'm gonna
try and I'm gonna slice into a sweat
Ibaka of meat that tastes like seasonal
gourd and I'm gonna eat it I'm gonna
start grooming my my beard with pumpkin
spice beard oil and I'll have pumpkin
spice kale chips for a healthy snack I
will apply pumpkin spice balm to my lips
because who wouldn't love to make out
with a pumpkin these are all real items
whether we're gonna make these up
there's pumpkin spice sodoku there's
pumpkin spice deodorant there's make
your own pumpkin spice lattes for dogs
of course is make your own if you went
in the store for that they'd throw rocks
at you but I don't why do dogs need
lattes anyway all they do is lay around
we even have a pumpkin spice president
now it's too much
we make America great pumpkin was here
in town raising funds for his campaign
this weekend I guess he must have done
well because he was spotted climbing
aboard Air Force One and look at this
he's got a wad of cash in his back
pocket so one of the reporters asked him
about it and he said he keeps cash in
his pocket to leave tips at the hotel
when he travels he leaves a tip for the
maid with a note that says sorry the
hand towels are orange now there's
something I have to say there is
something nutty and totally new and
unexpected happening every day in this
White House last night you probably
don't even know about this yet last
night we learned via The Washington Post
that a whistleblower in the intelligence
community filed a complaint against the
president last month that was deemed to
be credible and urgent by the Inspector
General this complaint
reportedly involves multiple acts by the
president including a promise Trump made
on a phone call with a foreign leader
this intelligence officer was so
disturbed he or she filed a formal
complaint under the secret Whistleblower
Protection Act but we learned today the
White House helped the Director of
National Intelligence decide not to
share this blown whistle with Congress
what he should have done with the
complaint of this nature the president
this morning moved on the story like a
he wrote another fake news story
out there it never ends
virtually any time I speak on the phone
to a foreign leader I understand that
there may be many people listening from
various US agencies not to mention those
from the other country itself no problem
knowing all of this is anybody dumb
enough to believe that I would say
something inappropriate with a foreign
leader
I'm dumb enough to believe it I don't
know totally dumb one of the reasons I'm
dumb enough to believe it is because you
remember that time in May of 2017 when
you revealed classified information to a
bunch of Russians in your office that
was a good one this could be a big thing
by the way this this is gonna be a tough
one for the president to witch-hunt his
way out of because the Inspector General
who found this complaint to be credible
and urgent was nominated by Donald Trump
he's one of his guys and he made a
statement today saying he disagrees with
the decision to withhold the complaint
from Congress he thinks Congress should
look at it which is a whole thing on to
himself it suggests that no one can blow
a whistle on the White House and the
other big question is what was the
promise and who did he make it to now
our sources here at ABC have managed to
uncover some exclusive footage of what
they believe was the call in question
with a foreign leader it turns out it
was a FaceTime call and let's take a
look at that now as you know we just
came out with a fragrance it's called
success by Trump and it's sold at Macy's
so I hope you can go to Macy's and get
the fragrance it's a hot item it's doing
really well they're having a lot of fun
with it but it is a great fragrance I'd
like to say that if you put it on
anything you want will come true he can
even become president
so that's our present in them but what
could Trevor possibly promise there are
so many possibilities it really could be
anything to anyone so in times like in
uncertain times like these we turn to a
tried and trusted device something we've
developed here in-house caramel please
bring in the wheels of deals now
[Applause]
on one wheel names of world leaders
Trump was most likely have been speaking
to on the other wheel the promises he
could have made and with that said it's
time to spin the wheels of deal spin the
first one gear low and the first one
says you could spend the next one now
kim jeong-hoon okay kim jeong-hoon he
promised kim jeong-hoon Tiffany's
inheritance let's do it one more time
Guillermo Trump promised let's see who
he promised he promised Prince Mohammed
bin Salman Kim Kardashian's phone number
all right you know it's gonna be
something like that right but this is
not a positive situation on one hand our
president may have had made a dangerous
promise to a foreign leader but on the
other hand he never keeps his promises
so we should be okay this is one of
those rare instances when we're lucky
our president is a not very intelligent
liar so now we wait now to find out
which of two things will happen first
either the courts will force the White
House to share the whistleblowers
information or Vladimir Putin's
intelligence service will track the
whistleblower down and serve him a bacon
lettuce and plutonium sandwich
meanwhile Melania Trump had a busy day
she was part of a ribbon-cutting
ceremony for the grand reopening of the
Washington Monument you can see here
there she is with a bunch of kids they
count it down and she tries her be best
to cut that ribbon
but it doesn't go as she'd hoped and guy
tries to give her a hand with that but
anyway she's like now I'm an she's
smiling i watch her face here because
you know uh and let's say let's look at
that again if we hit zoom in on that and
you can see smile smile bedroom face for
Melania he's definitely not voting for
uh hi I'm Judy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos